ASSIGNMENT #1 - The Super Store


Assignment #1 – The Super Store

For this store, you will offer 2 items of your choice for sale

For each item:
It must have two versions and allow the user to choose which version they would like to purchase
It must have a colour choice as well, provide a list of available colours and allow the user to select a colour
It must have a price (you determine the price)
Ensure all prices are shown to the user before they pick what they are ordering.
Provide a discount of 7% for students or senior citizens, as well as a quantity discount 30% for purchasing 5 or more of a particular item.  
You will need to ask if the customer is a student, or a senior.
A person cannot get both a student or a senior discount
A person cannot get a student or senior discount as well as a quantity discount
Discounts could be different per item; for example, a senior citizen purchasing 10 shirts but one pair of another item would get a 30% quantity discount on the first, and a 7% seniors discount on the second type of item.   Ensure you logic reflects this.
Apply 13% sale tax to the sale and show the cost before and after tax.   Ensure that the tax is applied on the final total after any discounts. 

 When getting any input, the program should repeat prompts until a valid choice is given.   A brief error message should show as to why the prompt is repeating if that is the case.

Print a summary menu that shows what was bought including the name the type of item, the details, and the total cost payable.  Have the output at the end of your program follow a standard format as per below.

  You can pick how wide your columns are, but make sure text lines up in the columns
  The data being printed should line up to the column headers.   
The savings row should only be there if a discount was given.  
The example below uses 5 hockey sticks. Options available were Adult or Youth.  Colour choices were Black, Blue, Yellow. 
 Yours would have a second line for the new item of your choice, but should follow the same format
Sample